deprecate obsolete CI providers (#2633)
conda-forge/conda-smithy: news/deprecate-obsolete-ci-providers.rst

**Added:**

* <news item>

**Changed:**

* <news item>

**Deprecated:**

> * All functions and functionality regarding obsolete CI providers (appveyor, circleci, cirrus, drone, travis, woodpecker) have been deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CI integrations for appveyor, circleci, cirrus, drone, travis, woodpecker are now considered deprecated. All functions and functionality regarding these  obsolete CI providers will be removed in 26.10. (#2633)
```
